That's easy to handle
It doesn't matter who you are or who I am
Here's the thing.
She looks so pretty.
No wonder my young master is fascinated
Boy, this is my woman
You better behave yourself, your woman
You are a small security guard, so are you
Miss Shen, what do you think?
None of your business
Yes, since you don't eat the toast, you can eat the penalty bar.
Boy
Tie it up for me right now and follow me
What? You asked me to tie it up and come with you?
Is there something wrong with your brain?
You think I have a problem, don't you?
OK
Then I'll show you something
Hahaha ah.
Stop fighting, stop fighting
I really am not
Where is my son?
Did you see it clearly, boy?
If you want your mother's life, do it for me
Bastard dares to touch my mother, so what?
Do you have an opinion?
Good, I'll show you my opinion.
How dare you hit me?